Route-level custom Error Handlers (#2427)
fastify/fastify: docs/Routes.md

* `onSend(request, reply, payload, done)`: a [function](./Hooks.md#route-hooks) called right before a response is sent, it could also be an array of functions.
* `onResponse(request, reply, done)`: a [function](./Hooks.md#onresponse) called when a response has been sent, so you will not be able to send more data to the client. It could also be an array of functions.
* `handler(request, reply)`: the function that will handle this request. The [Fastify server](./Server.md) will be bound to `this` when the handler is called. Note: using an arrow function will break the binding of `this`.

> * `errorHandler(error, request, reply)`: a custom error handler for the scope of this request. For this route, overrides the default error global handler, and anything set by [`setErrorHandler`](./Server.md#setErrorHandler)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `errorHandler(error, request, reply)`: a custom error handler for the scope of the request. Overrides the default error global handler, and anything set by [`setErrorHandler`](./Server.md#setErrorHandler), for requests to the route.
```
